[Music]
hi welcome to another episode of seven
minute marketing with Pam my name is Pam
dinner I love sharing a little dose of
b2b digital content marketing and sales
enablement seven minutes at a time
a fellow marketers from the b2b
marketing exchange with Gina asked me
hey how do I get my marketing peers to
ship their thinking so they can focus on
helping sales achieve their goals great
question I have discovered that in
enterprises especially budget business
objectives and measurements influence
how marketers behave and function as a
team if your marketing peers aren't
supporting sales one of the possible
reason may be that their marketing
objectives or success metrics are not
set up to motivate that behavior so my
first question to you Regina is how a
success metrics are established in your
marketing organization the next question
I want to ask is more philosophical
should all marketing functions support
sales directly well my phone on that
question is probably not some marketing
functions are very much aimed at the top
of the funnel they focus on social media
posts traditional TV commercials or even
big billboards that you see on highways
or in the big shopping centers these
type of marketing efforts are still
critical to build brand awareness but
it's very hard to quantify their
contributions to sales directly
customers needs to be aware the
existence of your product before they
can consider we evaluate your offerings
or services top of the funnel activities
are hard to tie with sales directly
however some marketing functions such as
email marketing even marketing or demand
generation campaigns are easier to tie
to sales in this case you're right it
will be great that these marketing teams
could work with sales directly as we
appear
I would encourage
to influence and educate them about the
benefits of working closely with sales a
great example is to showcase that the
close tie with sales team can showcase
their direct contribution to the bottom
line the best way to help ship that
mindset and behavior is really a
top-down approach the VP of Sales and
the CMO Arline are several key
initiatives and these key imperatives
are part of the marketing plan the CMO
articulates how these initiatives will
impact the team directly then have
measurements to monitor the progress
this will be the ideal - dry behavioral
changes you know how it is the boss said
that this is all we need to get a damn
well well do them so Regina it's hard
again to align all the marketing peers
to support sales so do what you can to
influence and educate them at the same
time work with your management together
by 8:00 again Semyon questions you know
where to reach me
if you like the podcast please leave
your comments on iTunes keep hustling my
friends you've got this
[Music]